Hey I'm Daniel I am learning HTML right now, I am 50% done with it then i am going to move on to CSS then java then Python.
I have a discord with my friends and if anyone wants to join heres the link 
If anybody knows how I can run HTML Code on this can u pls teach me thx.

That was a while ago. It is 10/17/22 and I lost interest in HTML at some point, didn't do much coding at all until I got into a computer science class in my freshman year and started in python. I enjoyed python; Mainly because It was simple to understand in my opinion but after that I didn't do python for a while until I got my laptop. I saved up money to buy a cheap laptop so I can code in python in my spare time because the school district blocked a lot of things. Now I'm really into python and I want to finish learning about it, but I know I have a long way to go. That doesn't really discourage me though, in fact it makes me even more motivated to see what's capable with using this language.
I recently was stuck on a syntax error for a bit so I decided to go to discord server, that I never used, to look for help. I posted my code and I met a helper by the username of Checkmate. Prior to posting my code for help, I was watching him help another person and to see how complex his explanations were, this fascinated me because of how much he knew about such a specific thing. After I posted my code and explained the error, he evaluated the code, found the error, and explained what was wrong with it in about 1 minute. It was incredible to see that demonstration of his knowledge and at the time I was dumbfounded. I was stunned in a state of admiration and lost for words; This was the moment when I discovered the beauty in coding. Later on after fixing the bug, we talked for a bit, he gave me some tips on getting better, and I asked him how he knew so much? He said, that he had a PHD in computer science and had been coding for 12 years. I too want to get to a level of knowledge as high as this.

In conclusion coding is an art and we are all painters.
